Correct usage of ellipsis (#18170)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/multimedia_and_embedding/responsive_images/index.md

## Active learning: Implementing your own responsive images

> For this active learning, we're expecting you to be brave and go it alone … mostly. We want you to implement your own suitable art directed narrow screen/wide screen shot using `<picture>`, and a resolution switching example that uses `srcset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this active learning, we're expecting you to be brave and do it alone, mostly. We want you to implement your own suitable art-directed narrow screen/wide screenshot using `<picture>`, and a resolution switching example that uses `srcset`.
```
